
Jaiden

It has been a pleasure to have Jaiden in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: Through class discussions and activities, Jaiden identified various ways in which he can care for and show respect for the environment. For example, Jaiden participated in Earth Day clean-up and shared how he would help the earth (e.g., We can’t waste our electricity). During this term, Jaiden explored his culture and heritage along with his classmates' identities. For example, he made his home country flags and recognized days of significance (e.g., Ramadan, Easter). Jaiden showed an understanding of local and global communities and what communities he belongs to (e.g., I belong at gym community and family). He chose 2 community helpers, construction worker and garbage collector and wrote about what construction workers do (They FiX hose (house)).
GROWTH IN LEARNING: During the last few months, Jaiden became more comfortable when identifying and talking about his feelings, wants and needs with his teachers and friends. Jaiden set personal boundaries with his peers. Jaiden could be heard telling his friends, “You should be sharing.” Jaiden has shown confidence in independently leading the morning routine and sharing his stories, thoughts, and accomplishments. For example, Jaiden eagerly brought a motorcycle and ironman toy for show and share, answered and asked questions, and volunteered to help to the classroom community (e.g., watering the plants, tidying up the classroom).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Jaiden is encouraged to explore his interests and strengths, such as cars, exercise, positively interacting with his peers, and building. 

Jaiden has been a wonderful contributor to the classroom community and often models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Jaiden showed an understanding of positive character traits such as fairness, honesty, and cooperation through his actions and work. For example, Jaiden consistently uses teamwork and empathy to help his peers. He stated, "I can help everybody". Jaiden is developing a sense of responsibility for his learning. With teacher support, Jaiden completed learning activities. He took frequent breaks when needed such as walking around the classroom, drinking water and using the washroom. In Physical Education, Jaiden enjoys participating in cooperative games with others as can be seen when he took part in kicking and passing a ball to others during a four-person ball passing activity. Recently, he worked on learning how to toss rings to a specific target such as a hula hoop and cone. (S.Sangha). 
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Jaiden has further developed social skills in how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and practicing active listening. For example, Jaiden was able to listen to his peers and retell what they did on the weekend. Jaiden has shown growth in his academic initiative since the last term. For example, he regularly accepted support from his peers, used classroom resources, and often worked hard once he was focused. During our learning about safety, Jaiden shared his thinking about how to stay safe around hot things in the kitchen (e.g., No touching the water because it’s hot…you can’t touch it.). (S.Sangha)
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Jaiden is encouraged to further his independence and fine motor skills by engaging in activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and cutting with scissors.

Jaiden is working on developing good literacy and mathematics behaviours. 
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Jaiden demonstrated early skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Jaiden clapped the correct syllables in words, identified some high-frequency words (eg., I, in, at), and read rhyming words (e.g., ham, yam). He used eye contact and appropriate voice volume during presentations. In Mathematics, Jaiden explored measurement (e.g., height, length, area, capacity, mass) by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). He showed an understanding of some of the Canadian coins by naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., "This one is a nickel.").
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Jaiden has shown growth in printing most of the uppercase and lower case letters and recognizing the difference between letters and words. With teacher assistance, Jaiden created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram) and used his phonics understanding to sound out new vocabulary (e.g., stP [stop]). He is learning to write in a straight line and from left-to-right in the order of sounds he hears. In Mathematics, Jaiden accurately used positional language to create a treasure map and described basic spatial relationships (e.g., down, up, behind, in front).
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Jaiden is encouraged to find opportunities to practice math and literacy concepts in everyday situations such as grocery shopping, cooking at home, and reading signs. Jaiden is encouraged to review and practice letter sounds and sight words.

Jaiden is a curious student who enjoys learning new things.
KEY LEARNING: Jaiden has demonstrated the ability to use some problem-solving skills in inquiry, literacy, mathematics, centres, and social situations. For example, during outdoor play, Jaiden resolved a conflict by clearly expressing his feelings to his classmate and asking for an apology. Jaiden used a variety of problem strategies to support his writing such as using the word wall, slowly sounding out the word, and asking his peers. Jaiden sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things. He stated, "Plants need water." 
GROWTH IN LEARNING: During classroom discussions, Jaiden has shown growth in explaining his thinking and asking questions (e.g., “Why does it do that?”) He also used appropriate vocabulary to communicate the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that he completed. For example, after flying his kite, he said “When I was flying the kite it was going super down, then it went up. Then it almost a little bit popped.” Jaiden used his imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected his own materials. He often recorded his observations with pictures and words in his inquiry book (e.g., fossil drawing, reflections, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Jaiden is encouraged to develop his problem-solving skills by taking on new challenges (e.g., puzzles, purposefully creating, exploring the environment) and to practice asking questions such as, “What would happen if…?” or “How do you know that?”


Aura

It has been a pleasure to have Aura in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: Through class discussions and activities, Aura identified various ways in which she can care for and show respect for the environment. For example, Aura participated in Earth Day clean-up and shared how she would help the earth (We don’t throw trash all around or the animal will slip.). During this term, Aura explored her culture and heritage along with her classmates' identities. For example, she made her home country flags, talked about what she loved about her culture, and recognized days of significance (e.g., Holi, ). Aura showed an understanding of local and global communities and what communities she belongs to (e.g., family, classroom, Canada). She chose 2 community helpers (doctor, chef) and wrote about what doctors do (they HeLP TO Sam Bdge [people get better]).
GROWTH IN LEARNING: During the last few months, Aura became more comfortable when identifying and talking about her feelings, wants and needs with her teachers and friends. Aura set personal boundaries with her peers. Aura could be heard asking her friends, “Can we play together?” Aura has shown confidence in independently leading the morning routine and sharing her stories, thoughts, and accomplishments. For example, Aura eagerly brought a pen and elephant tracer for show and share, answered and asked questions and volunteered to help the classroom community (e.g., handing out materials, watering the plants, sweeping the floor).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Aura is encouraged to explore her interests and strengths, such as drama, storytelling, and playing with her peers. 

Aura has been an excellent contributor to the classroom community and models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Aura showed an understanding of positive character traits such as fairness, cooperation, and empathy through her actions and work. For example, during outdoor time Aura played games cooperatively with her peers and shared "Teamwork means you are working together." Aura often demonstrated self-reliance. With teacher support and prompting, Aura completed learning activities and followed instructions. Aura took breaks when needed such as drinking water and using the washroom. In Physical Education, Aura can often be seen taking part in various activities and recently was able to bounce and catch a small ball on her own with two hands. She enjoyed taking part in an activity involving tossing rings to a specific target (e.g., hula hoop/cone) and was able to get some in the hula hoop. (S.Sangha)
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Aura has further developed social skills in how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and practicing active listening. For example, Aura was able to listen to her peers and retell what they did on the weekend. Aura has shown some growth in her academic initiative, such as using classroom resources and working hard when she was focused. During our learning about outdoor safety signs, Aura shared a time when she saw a stop sign (e.g., I’m going to a friend’s birthday party and I saw a stop sign…I stopped.). (S.Sangha)
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Aura is encouraged to further her independence and fine motor skills by engaging in activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and cutting with scissors.

Aura is working on developing good literacy and mathematics behaviours. 
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Aura demonstrated early skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Aura clapped the correct syllables in words, identified some high-frequency words (eg., I, in, at), and recognized some rhyming words (e.g., hog, frog). She used eye contact and appropriate voice volume during presentations. In Mathematics, Aura explored measurement (e.g., height, length, area, capacity, mass) by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). She showed an understanding of Canadian coins by correctly naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., "This is a penny. It is brown.").
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Aura has shown growth in printing uppercase and lower case letters, using finger spaces between words and adding punctuation. With teacher assistance, Aura created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram) and used her phonics understanding to sound out new vocabulary (e.g., I go to the prak vif my mom. [park with] "slep - sleep, drem [dream] ). In Mathematics, Aura accurately used positional language to create a treasure map and described basic spatial relationships (e.g., "You need to climb over the house...up the mountain... in between the giraffes...above the trees... dig into the X...").
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Aura is encouraged to find opportunities to practice math and literacy concepts in everyday situations such as grocery shopping, cooking at home, and reading signs. Aura is encouraged to review and practice letter sounds, long vowels, letter blends, and sight words.

Aura is a curious student who enjoys learning new things.
KEY LEARNING: Aura has demonstrated the ability to use some problem-solving skills in inquiry, literacy, mathematics, centres, and social situations. For example, during outdoor play, Aura resolved a conflict by clearly expressing her feelings to her classmate and apologizing if she made a mistake. Aura used a variety of problem strategies to support her writing such as using the word wall, slowly sounding out the word, and asking her peers. Aura sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things. She stated, "A house is not living." 
GROWTH IN LEARNING: During classroom discussions, Aura has shown growth in explaining her thinking and asking questions (e.g., “I wonder why this is inside of this? Why it gets wet?”) She also used appropriate vocabulary to communicate the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that she completed. Aura used her imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected her own materials. She often recorded her observations with pictures and words in her inquiry book (e.g., fossil drawing, reflections, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Aura is encouraged to develop her problem-solving skills by taking on new challenges (e.g., puzzles, purposefully creating, exploring the environment) and to practice asking questions such as, “What would happen if…?” or “How do you know that?”


Athvik

It has been a pleasure to have Athvik in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: Through class discussions and activities, Athvik identified various ways in which he can care for and show respect for the environment. For example, Athvik participated in Earth Day clean-up and shared how he would help the earth (e.g., Plant the trees.). During this term, Athvik explored his culture and heritage along with his classmates' identities. For example, he made his home country flags, talked about what he loved about his culture, and recognized days of significance (e.g., Thai Pongal, Easter). Athvik showed an understanding of local and global communities and what communities he belongs to (e.g., family, classroom, Canada). He chose 2 community helpers (firefighter, farmer) and wrote about what firefighters do (They fight fires). He also made a firehouse for the paper community-building activity ("A firehouse, so firefighters can live there. Help us safe.")
GROWTH IN LEARNING: During the last few months, Athvik became more comfortable when identifying and talking about his feelings, wants and needs with his teachers and friends. For example, he asked his friend, "Can I have the sticker?"  Athvik has shown confidence in leading the morning routine and sharing his stories, thoughts, and accomplishments. For example, Athvik eagerly brought a car launcher toy and robot for show and share, answered and asked questions and volunteered to contribute to the classroom community (e.g., handing out papers, watering the plants, sweeping the floor).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Athvik is encouraged to explore his interests and strengths, such as building and using tactile materials.

Athvik has been an excellent contributor to the classroom community and models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Athvik showed an understanding of positive character traits such as fairness, honesty, co-operation, and integrity through his actions and work. For example, Athvik used teamwork during outdoor time to make sand structures and shared "You work together." Athvik is learning to demonstrate a sense of responsibility for his learning. With support, Athvik completed learning activities and followed instructions. Athvik took breaks when needed such as drinking water and using the washroom. In Physical Education, Athvik enjoys taking part in various activities and he recently tried learning how to toss rings to a variety of targets including into a hula hoop and onto a cone and was able to get some in the hoop. He is continuing to grow in learning how to kick and pass a ball to others. (S.Sangha)
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Athvik has further developed social skills in how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and practicing active listening. For example, Athvik was able to listen to his peers and retell what they did on the weekend. Athvik has shown some growth in his academic initiative, such as assisting classmates, using classroom resources, and trying his best. During our learning about water safety, Athvik shared about something he had learned about staying safe around a pool (e.g., Don’t run at the pool.). (S.Sangha)
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Athvik is encouraged to further his independence and fine motor skills by engaging in activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and cutting with scissors.

Athvik is working on developing good literacy and mathematics behaviours. 
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Athvik demonstrated early skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Athvik clapped the correct syllables in words, identified some high-frequency words (eg., I, a, is) and recognized some rhyming words (e.g., zip, lip, tip). He usually used eye contact and appropriate voice volume during presentations. In Mathematics, Athvik explored measurement (e.g., height, length, area, capacity, mass) by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). He showed an understanding of some Canadian coins by naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., "This is a loonie.").
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Athvik has shown growth in printing uppercase and lower case letters, using finger spaces between words and using his phonics knowledge ("I is for inky"). With teacher assistance, Athvik created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram) and is learning to use his letter-sound understanding to sound out short words. In Mathematics, Athvik accurately used positional language to create a treasure map and described basic spatial relationships (e.g., " ...go up the lightning, go over to sonic speed behind 3 of the xs...in through there...swim in, go up the rocks. You have to go up the bridge, and robot...").
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Athvik is encouraged to find opportunities to practice math and literacy concepts in everyday situations such as grocery shopping, cooking at home, and reading signs. Athvik is encouraged to review and practice long vowels, letter blends, and sight words.

Athvik is a curious student who enjoys learning new things.
KEY LEARNING: Athvik has demonstrated the ability to use some problem-solving skills in inquiry, literacy, mathematics, centres, and social situations. For example, during outdoor play, Athvik resolved a conflict by clearly expressing his feelings to his classmate and asking for an apology. Athvik used a variety of problem strategies to support his writing such as using the word wall, slowly sounding out the word, and asking his peers. Athvik sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things. He shared that animals need food.
GROWTH IN LEARNING: During classroom discussions, Athvik has shown growth in explaining his thinking and asking questions (e.g., “What is that?”) He also used appropriate vocabulary to communicate the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that he completed. For example, after flying his kite, he said “My kite was going up and down and going sideways.” Athvik used his imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected his own materials. He often recorded his observations with pictures and words in his inquiry book (e.g., fossil drawing, reflections, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Athvik is encouraged to develop his problem-solving skills by taking on new challenges (e.g., puzzles, purposefully creating, exploring the environment) and to practice asking questions such as, “What would happen if…?” or “How do you know that?”


Liam

It has been a pleasure to have Liam in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: Through class discussions and activities, Liam identified various ways in which he can care for and show respect for the environment. For example, Liam participated in Earth Day clean-up and shared how he would help the earth (e.g., You can walk.). During this term, Liam explored his culture and heritage along with his classmates' identities. For example, he made his home country flags, talked about what he loved about his culture, and recognized days of significance (e.g., Easter, Holi). Liam showed an understanding of local and global communities and what communities he belongs to (e.g., family, classroom, Canada). He chose 2 community helpers (police officer, construction worker) and wrote about what police officers do (They Put Bab Peepll to jIl [bad people to jail]).
GROWTH IN LEARNING: During the last few months, Liam became more comfortable when identifying and talking about his feelings, wants and needs with his teachers and friends. Liam set personal boundaries with his peers. Liam could be heard telling his friends, “Can I share with you?” Liam has shown confidence in leading the morning routine and sharing his stories, thoughts, and accomplishments. For example, Liam eagerly brought his pokemon ball and cards for show and share, answered and asked questions and volunteered to contribute to the classroom community (e.g., watering the plants, tidying up).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Liam is encouraged to explore his interests and strengths, such as building, using his imagination, dinosaurs, and writing.

Liam has been an excellent contributor to the classroom community and often models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Liam showed an understanding of positive character traits such as fairness, honesty,and empathy through his actions and work. For example, Liam used teamwork to make sand structures and shared "Teamwork is about helping". Liam often demonstrated self-reliance and a sense of responsibility for his learning. Liam independently started and completed learning activities, gathered materials, and followed instructions. Liam took breaks when needed such as drinking water and using the washroom. In Physical Education, Liam is gaining confidence in attempting varied skills as can be seen when he took part in bouncing and throwing a ball on his own and with a partner. During a ball passing activity with his peers, Liam worked on kicking and passing the ball to others during a ball passing activity. (S.Sangha)
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Liam has further developed social skills in how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and practicing active listening. For example, Liam was able to listen to his peers and retell what they did on the weekend. Liam has shown growth in his academic initiative, such as assisting classmates, using classroom resources without prompting, and consistently working hard by trying his best to complete his work. During our learning about ways we can stay safe in the kitchen, Liam shared about something he had learned (e.g,. Don’t touch knives.). (S.Sangha)
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Liam is encouraged to further his independence and fine motor skills by engaging in activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and cutting with scissors.

Liam is well on his way to developing strong literacy and mathematics behaviours. 
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Liam demonstrated early skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Liam confidently clapped the correct syllables in words, identified some high-frequency words (eg., I, in, at), and recognized rhyming words (e.g., mug, hug, jug). He used eye contact and appropriate voice volume during presentations. In Mathematics, Liam explored measurement (e.g., height, length, area, capacity, mass) by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). He showed an understanding of Canadian coins by correctly naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., "This is a quarter.").
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Liam has shown growth in printing uppercase and lower case letters, using finger spaces between words and adding punctuation. With teacher assistance, Liam created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram) and used his phonics understanding to sound out new vocabulary (e.g., tozr a rus [Toys "R" Us],  I aM PlaYig [I am playing]). In Mathematics, Liam accurately used positional language to create a treasure map and described basic spatial relationships (e.g., "..go under the pterodactyl, you go past the tiger, you go up down...you go over the bridge, then you go through the bushes...").
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Liam is encouraged to find opportunities to practice math and literacy concepts in everyday situations such as grocery shopping, cooking at home, and reading signs. Liam is encouraged to review and practice long vowels, letter blends, and sight words.

Liam is a curious student who enjoys learning new things.
KEY LEARNING: Liam has demonstrated the ability to use some problem-solving skills in inquiry, literacy, mathematics, centres, and social situations. For example, during outdoor play, Liam resolved a conflict by clearly expressing his feelings to his classmate and asking for an apology. Liam used a variety of problem strategies to support his writing such as using the word wall, slowly sounding out the word, and asking his peers. Liam sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things. He shared, "Animals need water."
GROWTH IN LEARNING: During classroom discussions, Liam has shown growth in explaining his thinking and asking questions (e.g., “I know why it is.”) He also used appropriate vocabulary to communicate the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that he completed. For example, after flying his kite, he said “The straws and tape almost going to get off my kite. One part of the tape floated off.” Liam used his imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected his own materials. He often recorded his observations with pictures and words in his inquiry book (e.g., fossil drawing, reflections, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Liam is encouraged to develop his problem-solving skills by taking on new challenges (e.g., puzzles, purposefully creating, exploring the environment) and to practice asking questions such as, “What would happen if…?” or “How do you know that?”


Ekam

It has been wonderful to have Ekam in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: During this term, Ekam explored her culture and heritage along with her classmates' identities. For example, she made her home country flags and recognized days of significance (e.g., Thai Pongal, Easter). Ekam showed an understanding of local and global communities and what communities she belongs to (I was born to Canada. School.). She chose 2 community helpers (chef, crossing guard) and wrote about what chefs do (They cook fooD).  Through class discussions and activities, Ekam identified various ways in which she can care for and show respect for the environment. (e.g., Plant some trees.) Ekam also participated in Earth Day clean-up and wrote how she would help the earth.
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Ekam has demonstrated growth in becoming a leader in the classroom by setting an example during routines and following instructions. Ekam has become more comfortable sharing with her teachers and friends. For example, She is learning to set personal boundaries and could be heard telling her friends, “You have to share.” Ekam is working on developing her confidence in independently leading the morning routine, asking for assistance, and sharing her stories, thoughts, and accomplishments. Ekam often needed reminders to bring objects for presentations such as show and share and the sound of the week. She sometimes answered and asked questions during discussions and often volunteered to contribute to the classroom community (e.g., watering plants, cleaning).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Ekam is encouraged to take a leadership role at home (e.g., leading activities, taking care of her things) and to explore the interests that are important to her.

Ekam is a quiet student that consistently models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Ekam showed an understanding of positive character traits such as co-operation, honesty, and empathy through her actions and work. For example, Ekam will zip up other students' jackets if they needed help. She also shared "If you’re not honest, you say sorry." Ekam usually demonstrated a sense of responsibility for her learning, but required prompting to use her knowledge to independently complete learning activities, without direct teacher support. Ekam frequently sought assistance for writing tasks.  In Physical Education, Ekam participates in various activities during our learning time and recently was able to toss rings into a hula hoop and onto a cone. She enjoyed taking part in a cooperative ball passing activity with her peers and put forth effort to kick and pass the ball to others. (S.Sangha)
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Ekam has shown some growth academically and socially in her self-motivation and initiative. For example, Ekam participated in most activities and lessons, invited classmates to join during outdoor play, and stayed focused on tasks she felt comfortable with. She has demonstrated how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and active listening. During our learning about ways we can stay safe in our homes, Ekam shared about one thing she can do to stay safe (e.g., I not touching a plug.). (S.Sangha)
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Ekam is encouraged to further express positive messages with her family and friends and develop her motor skills by engaging in activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and playing new sports.

Ekam is working on developing early literacy and mathematics behaviours.
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Ekam is developing age-appropriate literacy skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Ekam showed some understanding of language structures (e.g., syllables, rhyming words, word families) to support her work. For example, zip, dip, I PlaY hlgd BIG SASTR , wit [with]. Ekam identified some high-frequency words (eg., I, on, big) during whole-class reading. In Mathematics, Ekam explored the concept of measurement of height, length, area, capacity, and mass by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). She showed an understanding of some Canadian coins by naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., "A  quarter.").
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Ekam has shown growth in her letter-sound recognition and sometimes follows standard writing conventions (capitalization, finger spaces, clarity, punctuation) when prompted. With teacher assistance, Ekam created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram). Ekam is developing reading and writing strategies, such as sounding out long vowels (e.g., ay, ee, ie) and stretching the word, to read and write increasingly difficult vocabulary (e.g., SISTRS ). In Mathematics, Ekam accurately used positional language to create a treasure map and described basic spatial relationships (e.g., "You start up, then you go through... then you go down a bit, then under the x...").
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Ekam is encouraged to use resources (e.g., library, Raz-Kids, abcya, Khan Academy, code.org) to further develop her literacy and mathematics skills.

Ekam is an observant student who enjoys social interactions with her peers.
KEY LEARNING: Ekam has demonstrated some ability to use problem-solving skills during inquiry, literacy, mathematics, and movement activities. For example, she used a variety of tools to support her writing such as her personal dictionary, looking at the word wall, and asking her peers. In social situations, Ekam resolves conflict by clearly expressing her feelings and explaining appropriate behaviours to her classmates. For example, she stated, "Share the eraser." and If you’re not honest, you say sorry. Ekam accurately sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things. She stated, "Plants need water."
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Ekam is learning to use her existing knowledge to make connections, explain her thinking, and ask questions (e.g., “What is that?”) She is developing vocabulary to communicate the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that she completes. Ekam used her imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected her materials. She often recorded her observations with pictures and words in her inquiry book (e.g., butterflies, fossil drawings, reflections, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Ekam is encouraged to practice asking questions such as  “What would happen if…?” or “Why is it like...?” and to continue to document her observations to develop critical thinking skills.


Haniya

It has been wonderful to have Haniya in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: During this term, Haniya explored her culture and heritage along with her classmates' identities. For example, she made her home country flags, talked about what she loved about her culture, and recognized days of significance (e.g., Thai Pongal, Easter). Haniya showed an understanding of local and global communities and what communities she belongs to (e.g., "I belong to Canada and Pakistan community."). She chose 2 community helpers (mechanic, construction worker) and wrote that mechanics "fiX TIrE", use "TooL" and that she likes them becasue tehy "hELP the car." Through class discussions and activities, Haniya identified various ways in which she can care for and show respect for the environment (e.g., I help planning with my mom and brother clean outside). Haniya also participated in Earth Day clean-up and wrote how she would help the earth.
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Haniya has demonstrated growth in becoming a leader in the classroom by setting an example during routines and assisting her peers with their work. For example, Haniya helped other students zip up their jackets, volunteered to tidy up, and followed instructions. Haniya has become more comfortable sharing with her teachers and friends. She has shown confidence in independently leading the morning routine and sharing her thoughts and accomplishments. For example, Haniya brought Frozen character toys for show and share, frequently raised her hand to answer and ask questions during discussions, and contributed to the classroom community (e.g., watering plants, cleaning).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Haniya is encouraged to take a leadership role at home (e.g., leading activities, taking care of her things) and to explore the interests that are important to her.

Haniya has been a wonderful classroom contributor and often models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Haniya shows an understanding of positive character traits such as fairness, honesty, and empathy through her actions and work. For example, Haniya showed empathy to her peers when they are upset. She shared "I can cooperate by sharing my dolls". Haniya often demonstrated a sense of responsibility for her learning. For example, Haniya independently starts learning activities with minimal support, gathers required materials, and follows instructions. She took breaks when needed, but worked hard to complete her work. In Physical Education, Haniya is an active participant during our classes and can often be seen taking part in our warm-up exercises. She has reflected growth in tossing objects to a target such as tossing rings to a cone and a hula hoop. She was able to get some into the hoop and one on the cone. (S.Sangha)
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Haniya has shown growth in her self-motivation and initiative academically and socially. For example, Haniya participates in most activities and lessons and has demonstrated how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and active listening. Haniya seeks assistance only when required and also helps teachers and classmates. During our learning about teamwork and working together with others, Haniya shared about a time when she did teamwork with a friend (e.g., We made a skeleton puzzle…me and A.). (S.Sangha)
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Haniya is encouraged to further express positive messages with her family and friends and develop motor skills by engaging in new activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and playing sports.

Haniya is well on her way to developing strong literacy and mathematics behaviours.
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Haniya demonstrated age-appropriate literacy skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Haniya showed an understanding of language structures (e.g., syllables, rhyming words, word families) to support her work. For example, "tip, rip". Haniya often identified some high-frequency words (eg., the, on, big) during whole-class reading. In Mathematics, Haniya explored the concept of measurement of height, length, area, capacity, and mass by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). She showed an understanding of Canadian coins by correctly naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., "A dime is 10 cents.").
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Haniya has shown growth in following standard writing conventions (capitalization, finger spaces, clarity, punctuation). With minimal teacher assistance, Haniya created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram). Haniya has developed reading and writing strategies, such as sounding out long vowels (e.g., ay, ee, ie) and stretching the word, to read and write increasingly difficult vocabulary (e.g., I please wit my blux wit my drother [I play blocks with my brother] ). In Mathematics, Haniya accurately used positional language to create a treasure map and described basic spatial relationships (e.g., "First you go under the tree...up the rocks...in the tunnel...").
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Haniya is encouraged to use resources (e.g., library, Raz-Kids, abcya, Khan Academy, code.org) to further develop her literacy and mathematics skills.

Haniya is an inquisitive student who enjoys learning new things.
KEY LEARNING: Haniya has demonstrated the ability to use problem-solving skills during inquiry, literacy, mathematics, and movement activities. For example, she used a variety of tools to support her writing such as her personal dictionary, looking at the word wall, and asking her peers. In social situations, Haniya resolves conflict by clearly expressing her feelings and explaining appropriate behaviours to her classmates such as waiting for her turn at the monkey bars. Haniya accurately sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things. She stated, "People need water."
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Haniya has shown growth in using her existing knowledge to make connections, explain her thinking, and ask questions (e.g., “I don't know what this is”) She also used appropriate vocabulary to communicate the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that she completed. For example, after flying her kite  she said, “because I didn’t want the string, so I took it off and it flew higher/better.” Haniya used her imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected her own materials. She often recorded her observations with pictures and words in her inquiry book (e.g., butterfly, fossil drawing, reflections, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Haniya is encouraged to practice asking questions such as  “What would happen if…?” or “Why is it like...?” and to continue to document her observations to develop critical thinking skills.


Jasleen

It has been wonderful to have Jasleen in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: During this term, Jasleen explored her culture and heritage along with her classmates' identities. For example, she made her home country flags, talked about what she loved about her culture, and recognized days of significance (e.g., Thai Pongal, Easter). Jasleen showed an understanding of local and global communities and what communities she belongs to. She shared, "A community is where people are from like your parents can be from Japan and you can be from Canada." She chose 2 community helpers (nurse, vet) and wrote that nurses "help Peypeeal" and "thay gev medsin" and that she likes nurses because her mother is one.  Through class discussions and activities, Jasleen identified various ways in which she can care for and show respect for the environment (e.g., We need to stop littering the Earth). Jasleen also participated in Earth Day clean-up and wrote how she would help the earth.
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Jasleen has demonstrated growth in becoming a leader in the classroom by setting an example during routines and assisting her peers with their work. For example, Jasleen helped another student spell new vocabulary. Jasleen has become more comfortable sharing with her teachers and friends. For example, She is learning to set personal boundaries and could be heard telling her friends, “I don't like that.” Jasleen has shown confidence in independently leading the morning routine and sharing her stories, thoughts, and accomplishments. For example, Jasleen brought cat stuffed animals for show and share, regularly shared what she found outdoor, answered and asked questions during discussions, and volunteered to contribute to the classroom community (e.g., watering plants, cleaning).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Jasleen is encouraged to take a leadership role at home (e.g., leading activities, taking care of her things) and to explore the interests that are important to her.

Jasleen has been an exemplary classroom contributor and consistently models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Jasleen showed an understanding of positive character traits such as honesty, co-operation and empathy through her actions and work. For example, Jasleen cooperated with her peers to build a paper community and wrote "You can help someone".  Jasleen demonstrated a sense of responsibility for her learning. For example, Jasleen independently completed tasks, immediately followed instructions, and worked hard by trying her best. In Physical Education, Jasleen enjoys learning new things as can be seen when she recently worked on tossing rings to a specific target (e.g., hula hoop/cone) and was able to get three onto the cone. She recently demonstrated skills such as kicking a ball to a target, stopping the ball with her foot, and passing the ball to others during a four person ball passing activity. (S.Sangha)
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Jasleen has shown growth academically and socially in her self-motivation and initiative. For example, Jasleen participated in all activities and lessons and invited classmates to join during outdoor play. She has demonstrated how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and active listening. Jasleen sought assistance only when required and helped teachers and classmates. During our learning about teamwork, Jasleen shared about a time when she worked together with friend (e.g., Me and S. on 100’s day….we made a big tower.). (S.Sangha)
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Jasleen is encouraged to further express positive messages with her family and friends and develop her motor skills by engaging in activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and playing new sports.

Jasleen is well on her way to developing strong literacy and mathematics behaviours.
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Jasleen demonstrated age-appropriate literacy skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Jasleen showed an understanding of language structures (e.g., syllables, rhyming words, word families) to support her work. For example, "I Set the taybl denr tim [I set the table dinner time], been sead [bean seed]. Jasleen often identified some high-frequency words (eg., the, on, big) during whole-class reading. In Mathematics, Jasleen explored the concept of measurement of height, length, area, capacity, and mass by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). She showed an understanding of Canadian coins by correctly naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., "A dime is 10 cents.").
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Jasleen has shown growth in following standard writing conventions (capitalization, finger spaces, clarity, punctuation). With minimal teacher assistance, Jasleen created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram). Jasleen has developed reading and writing strategies, such as sounding out long vowels (e.g., ay, ee, ie) and stretching the word, to read and write increasingly difficult vocabulary (e.g., goldin [golden]-, movee [movie], nachr [nature], plaik [plastic], toumoroo [tomorrow]). In Mathematics, Jasleen accurately used positional language to create a treasure map and described basic spatial relationships (e.g., "...go in the water... between the long weeds...up the mountain.")
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Jasleen is encouraged to use resources (e.g., library, Raz-Kids, abcya, Khan Academy, code.org) to further develop her literacy and mathematics skills.

Jasleen is an inquisitive student who enjoys learning new things.
KEY LEARNING: Jasleen has demonstrated the ability to use problem-solving skills during inquiry, literacy, mathematics, and movement activities. For example, she used a variety of tools to support her writing such as her personal dictionary, looking at the word wall, and asking her peers. In social situations, Jasleen resolves conflict by clearly expressing her feelings and explaining appropriate behaviours to her classmates. For example, she stated, "We take turns." Jasleen accurately sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things. She stated, "All living things need water."
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Jasleen has shown growth in using her existing knowledge to make connections, explain her thinking, and ask questions (e.g., “I think inside of this is a little seed. This is bumpy.”) She also used appropriate vocabulary to communicate the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that she completed. For example, after flying her kite  she said, “My kite flies because of the wind and it’s kind of like paper. It can fly.” Jasleen used her imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected her own materials. She often recorded her observations with pictures and words in her inquiry book (e.g., butterfly, fossil drawing, reflections, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Jasleen is encouraged to practice asking questions such as  “What would happen if…?” or “Why is it like...?” and to continue to document her observations to develop critical thinking skills.


Samvir

It has been wonderful to have Samvir in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: During this term, Samvir explored his culture and heritage along with his classmates' identities. For example, he made his home country flags, talked about what he loved about his culture, and recognized days of significance (e.g., Thai Pongal, Easter). Samvir showed an understanding of local and global communities and what communities he belongs to (e.g., "I am part of my house community."). He chose 2 community helpers (mechanic, police officer) and wrote that mechanics "HelP PeePUl fiX Thir cars". Through class discussions and activities, Samvir identified various ways in which he can care for and show respect for the environment (e.g., You can ride a bike or a scooter.). Samvir also participated in Earth Day clean-up and wrote how he would help the earth.
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Samvir has demonstrated growth in becoming a leader in the classroom by setting an example during routines and assisting his peers with their work. For example, Samvir helped other students spell new vocabulary and supported them to complete their work. Samvir sometimes requires prompting to engage in new activities, such as dancing. Samvir has shown confidence in independently leading the morning routine and sharing his stories, thoughts, and accomplishments. For example, Samvir brought his car book for show and share, usually answered and asked questions during discussions, and often volunteered to contribute to the classroom community (e.g., watering plants, cleaning).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Samvir is encouraged to take a leadership role at home (e.g., leading activities, taking care of his things) and to explore the interests that are important to him.

Samvir has been an exemplary classroom contributor and consistently models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Samvir showed an understanding of positive character traits such as fairness, honesty, and empathy through his actions and work. For example, Samvir cooperated with his peers to build a paper community and shared "Honesty means you should always tell the truth and never ever lie."  Samvir is learning to demonstrate self-reliance. Samvir prefers to ask for support before trying an activity. For example, he often said, "I don't know what to do" instead of observing what his classmates were doing or asking for help. After directed instructions, he gathered the required materials and worked hard to complete his work. In Physical Education, Samvir can often be found trying new skills during gym as can be seen when he put forth an effort to toss rings to a specific target (e.g., hula hoop/cone) and was able to get some in the hula hoop. Recently, he was able to kick and pass the ball to others and was able to stop the ball with his foot. (S.Sangha) 
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Samvir has shown growth academically and socially in his self-motivation and initiative. For example, Samvir participated in all activities and lessons, invited classmates to join during outdoor play, and stayed focused on tasks. He has demonstrated how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and active listening. Samvir sought assistance only when required and helped teachers and classmates. During our learning about ways we can stay safe around water, Samvir was able to share one way to be safe (e.g., Do not go in a pool or water without a grown-up.). (S.Sangha)
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Samvir is encouraged to further express positive messages to his family and friends and develop his motor skills by engaging in activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and playing new sports.

Samvir is well on his way to developing strong literacy and mathematics behaviours.
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Samvir demonstrated age-appropriate literacy skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Samvir showed an understanding of language structures (e.g., syllables, rhyming words, word families) to support his work. For example, "i helpt MY Dad maKe samting for MY Plas [I helped my dad make something for my plants]". Samvir often identified some high-frequency words (eg., the, on, big) during whole-class reading. In Mathematics, Samvir explored the concept of measurement of height, length, area, capacity, and mass by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). He showed an understanding of Canadian coins by correctly naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., "A dime is 10 cents.").
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Samvir has shown growth in following standard writing conventions (capitalization, finger spaces, clarity, punctuation). With minimal teacher assistance, Samvir created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram). Samvir has developed reading and writing strategies, such as sounding out long vowels (e.g., ay, ee, ie) and stretching the word, to read and write increasingly difficult vocabulary (e.g., staid [stayed' ). In Mathematics, Samvir accurately used positional language to create a treasure map and described basic spatial relationships (e.g., "...go through a cave, go straight, turn left...jump over the grass...").
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Samvir is encouraged to use resources (e.g., library, Raz-Kids, abcya, Khan Academy, code.org) to further develop his literacy and mathematics skills.

Samvir is an inquisitive student who enjoys learning new things.
KEY LEARNING: Samvir has demonstrated the ability to use problem-solving skills during inquiry, literacy, mathematics, and movement activities. For example, he used a variety of tools to support his writing such as his personal dictionary, looking at the word wall, and asking his peers. In social situations, Samvir resolves conflict by clearly expressing his feelings and explaining appropriate behaviours to his classmates. For example, he stated, "We take turns." Samvir accurately sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things. He stated, "All living things need water."
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Samvir has shown growth in using his existing knowledge to make connections, explain his thinking, and ask questions (e.g., “Why is that green thing so spiky?”) He also used appropriate vocabulary to communicate the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that he completed. Samvir used his imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected his own materials. He often recorded his observations with pictures and words in his inquiry book (e.g., butterfly, fossil drawing, reflections, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Samvir is encouraged to practice asking questions such as  “What would happen if…?” or “Why is it like...?” and to continue to document his observations to develop critical thinking skills.


Adrien

It has been wonderful to have Adrien in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: During this term, Adrien explored his culture and heritage along with his classmates' identities. For example, he made his home country flags, listened to discussions of his classmate's culture, and learned about days of significance (e.g., Thai Pongal, Easter). Adrien participated by nodding his head (yes and no) in lessons about local and global communities. He chose 2 community helpers (chef, zookeeper) and shared what chefs do (e.g., "cook food").  Through class discussions and activities, Adrien identified some ways in which he can care for and show respect for the environment such as picking up garbage, turning off lights, and not wasting water. Adrien also participated in Earth Day clean-up and shared what he liked about nature (e.g., flowers, trees).
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Adrien has demonstrated growth in sharing his feelings, thoughts and ideas with his peers and teachers. He greets his classmates with good morning and often responds to questions. For example, Adrien said, "". Adrien has shown some confidence in leading the morning routine with assistance. Although he did not bring objects for show and share, he often agreed to contribute to the classroom community (e.g., filling up water bottles, watering plants, handing out papers).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Adrien is encouraged to take a leadership role at home (e.g., leading activities, taking care of his things) and to explore the interests that are important to him.

Adrien has been an exemplary classroom contributor and consistently models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Adrien showed an understanding of positive character traits such as fairness, honesty, and co-operation through his actions. For example, Adrien cooperated with his peers to build a paper community.  Adrien often demonstrated self-reliance and a sense of responsibility for his learning. For example, Adrien independently started and completed learning activities, gathered required materials, and immediately followed instructions. Adrien was focused and engaged in most of the learning activities. In Physical Education, Adrien is continuing to grow in following instructions such as during our warm-up exercises (e.g., moving side to side/back and forth). Recently, he worked on skills such as bouncing and catching a ball on his own and with a partner with some direction. (S.Sangha) 
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Adrien has shown growth academically and socially in his self-motivation and initiative. For example, Adrien participated in all activities and lessons, invited classmates to join during outdoor play, and stayed focused on tasks. He has demonstrated how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and active listening. Adrien sought assistance only when required and helped teachers and classmates. During our class learning about sharing with others, Adrien was able to share that he would share a “pirate”, with some prompting. (S.Sangha)
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Adrien is encouraged to further express positive messages with his family and friends and develop his motor skills by engaging in activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and playing new sports.

Adrien is learning early literacy and mathematics behaviours.
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Adrien is developing his literacy skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Adrien is beginning to show an understanding of language structures by recognizing the difference between letters and words. With support, he clapped syllables and participated in rhyming word activities. Adrien identified most letters and some of the letter sounds. In Mathematics, Adrien explored the concept of measurement of height, length, area, capacity, and mass by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). He is learning to show an understanding of Canadian coins by correctly naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., pointing to a loonie).
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Adrien has shown growth in tracing letters and numbers. With teacher assistance, Adrien created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram) by tracing outlines (e.g., I ate a pizza) . Adrien is developing early reading strategies, such as using his finger to follow the words on the page. In Mathematics, Adrien used positional language to describe a treasure map path he created (e.g., "go through a puddle, there’s a bottle in the puddle, pirate ship, left, (pointing), to the island, the x marks, to the left and to the right...").
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Adrien is encouraged to use resources (e.g., library, Raz-Kids, abcya, Khan Academy, code.org) to further develop his literacy and mathematics skills.

Adrien is an inquisitive student who enjoys exploring his environment.
KEY LEARNING: Adrien is learning to use problem-solving skills during inquiry, literacy, mathematics, and movement activities. For example, he raises his hand or approaches the educator for support. In social situations, Adrien resolves conflicts by apologizing if he made a mistake, such as accidently bumping a student. During whole class activities, Adrien sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things. He said, "Plants need sun!"
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Adrien has shown growth in using his existing knowledge to make connections, explain his thinking, and ask questions (e.g., “What is it?”) With support, he communicated the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that he completed. For example, after flying his kite he said, “It flied away because when you let go." Adrien used his imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected his own materials. He learned to record his observations with pictures in his journal and inquiry book (e.g., what he ate for breakfast, butterfly, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Adrien is encouraged to practice asking questions such as  “What would happen if…?” or “Why is it like...?” and to continue to document his observations to develop critical thinking skills.


Harjiyo

It has been wonderful to have Harjiyo in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: During this term, Harjiyo explored his culture and heritage along with his classmates' identities. For example, he made his home country flags, talked about what he loved about his culture, and recognized days of significance (e.g., Thai Pongal, Easter). Harjiyo showed an understanding of local and global communities and what communities he belongs to (A community is that you can have a neighbourhood community, classroom community, and a school community. ). He chose 2 community helpers (police officer, dentist) and wrote that police officers 'rescue people and help people."  Through class discussions and activities, Harjiyo identified various ways in which he can care for and show respect for the environment (e.g.,When you use cars, you waste energy and waste air). Harjiyo also participated in Earth Day clean-up and wrote how he would help the earth.
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Harjiyo has demonstrated growth in becoming a leader in the classroom by setting an example during routines and assisting his peers with their work. For example, Harjiyo regularly supported students in their learning by helping them spell words. Harjiyo showed confidence in independently leading the morning routine and sharing his stories, thoughts, and accomplishments. For example, Harjiyo told jokes and riddles, answered and asked questions during discussions, and volunteered to contribute to the classroom community (e.g., watering plants, cleaning).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Harjiyo is encouraged to take a leadership role at home (e.g., leading activities, taking care of his things) and to explore his interests that are important to him.

Harjiyo has been an exemplary classroom contributor and consistently models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Harjiyo showed an understanding of positive character traits such as fairness and co-operation, integrity through his actions and work. For example, Harjiyo cooperatively built a paper community with his peers and shared "Honesty is about telling the truth when you broke something and if you did something bad and hurting someone’s feelings."  Harjiyo demonstrated self-reliance and a sense of responsibility for his learning. He independently completed learning activities, stayed focused on his tasks, and immediately followed instructions. In Physical Education, Harjiyo enjoys trying new skills in gym as can be seen when he worked on bouncing and catching a small ball with two hands on his own and with a partner. Recently, he worked on kicking and passing the ball to others and stopping the ball with his foot during a ball passing activity. During our learning about water safety, Harjiyo shared about one way we can stay safe around a pool (e.g., Wear a floatie to stay safe.). (S.Sangha)
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Harjiyo has shown growth academically and socially in his self-motivation and initiative. For example, Harjiyo participated in all activities and lessons, invited classmates to join during outdoor play, and stayed focused on tasks. He has demonstrated how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and active listening. Harjiyo sought assistance only when required and helped teachers and classmates. 
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Harjiyo is encouraged to further express positive messages with his family and friends and develop his motor skills by engaging in activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and playing new sports.

Harjiyo is well on his way to developing strong literacy and mathematics behaviours.
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Harjiyo demonstrated age-appropriate literacy skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Harjiyo showed an understanding of language structures (e.g., syllables, rhyming words, word families) to support his work. For example, "The fog is covring the brij". Harjiyo often identified some high-frequency words (eg., the, on, big) during whole-class reading. In Mathematics, Harjiyo explored the concept of measurement of height, length, area, capacity, and mass by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). He showed an understanding of Canadian coins by correctly naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., "A dime is 10 cents.").
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Harjiyo has shown growth in following standard writing conventions (capitalization, finger spaces, clarity, punctuation). With minimal teacher assistance, Harjiyo created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram). Harjiyo has developed reading and writing strategies, such as sounding out long vowels (e.g., ay, ee, ie) and stretching the word, to read and write increasingly difficult vocabulary (e.g., platupuse [platypus],rownds [rounds], torronto [Toronto] ). In Mathematics, Harjiyo accurately used positional language to create a treasure map and described basic spatial relationships (e.g., "around, up, through, in").
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Harjiyo is encouraged to use resources (e.g., library, Raz-Kids, abcya, Khan Academy, code.org) to further develop his literacy and mathematics skills.

Harjiyo is an inquisitive student who enjoys learning new things.
KEY LEARNING: Harjiyo has demonstrated the ability to use problem-solving skills during inquiry, literacy, mathematics, and movement activities. For example, he used a variety of tools to support his writing such as his personal dictionary, looking at the word wall, and asking his peers. In social situations, Harjiyo resolves conflict by clearly expressing his feelings and explaining appropriate behaviours to his classmates. For example, he stated, "It's not fair..." Harjiyo accurately sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things. He stated, "All living things need water."
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Harjiyo has shown growth in using his existing knowledge to make connections, explain his thinking, and ask questions (e.g., “I wonder...”) He also used appropriate vocabulary to communicate the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that he completed. For example, after flying his kite he said, “What you do to make it go up is put it on the string and put it in the air.” Harjiyo used his imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected his own materials. He often recorded his observations with pictures and words in his inquiry book (e.g., butterfly, fossil drawing, reflections, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Harjiyo is encouraged to practice asking questions such as  “What would happen if…?” or “Why is it like...?” and to continue to document his observations to develop critical thinking skills.


Saarani

It has been wonderful to have Saarani in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: During this term, Saarani explored her culture and heritage along with her classmates' identities. For example, she made her home country flags, talked about what she loved about her culture, and recognized days of significance (e.g., Thai Pongal, Easter). Saarani showed an understanding of local and global communities and what communities she belongs to (I belong to dance community.). She chose 2 community helpers (doctor, chef) and wrote that doctors use stethoscopes and medicine. Through class discussions and activities, Saarani identified various ways in which she can care for and show respect for the environment (e.g.,I will help my mom recycling because she throws everything in the garbage.). Saarani also participated in Earth Day clean-up and wrote how she would help the earth.
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Saarani has demonstrated growth in becoming a leader in the classroom by setting an example during routines and assisting her peers with their work. For example, Saarani helped another student spell new vocabulary. Saarani has become more comfortable sharing with her teachers and friends. For example, She is learning to set personal boundaries and could be heard telling her friends, “This is what you do.” Saarani has shown confidence in independently leading the morning routine and sharing her stories, thoughts, and accomplishments. For example, Saarani eagerly shared books she made, often answered and asked questions during discussions, and volunteered to contribute to the classroom community (e.g., filling up water bottles, watering plants, cleaning).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Saarani is encouraged to take a leadership role at home (e.g., leading activities, taking care of her things) and to explore the interests that are important to her.

Saarani has been an exemplary classroom contributor and consistently models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Saarani showed an understanding of positive character traits such as fairness, honesty, co-operation, integrity, and empathy through her actions and work. For example, Saarani used cooperation with her peers to build a paper community and shared, "If someone falls down, you can help them up."  Saarani often demonstrated self-reliance. For example, Saarani independently started and completed most learning activities, gathered required materials, and immediately followed instructions. In Physical Education, Saarani often participates in our warm-up exercises which involve moving in a variety of ways such as side to side and back and forth. Recently, she enjoyed working on tossing rings to a specific target such as a hula hoop or cone. She was able to get three rings into the hula hoop. (S.Sangha)
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Saarani has shown growth socially in her self-motivation and initiative. For example, she invited classmates to join during outdoor play and activities. She has demonstrated how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and active listening. Saarani sought assistance only when required and helped teachers and classmates. During our learning about things that make us happy, Saarani shared a time when she felt happy (e.g., When my friend shared me her toy…omg doll toy.). (S.Sangha)
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Saarani is encouraged to further express positive messages with her family and friends and develop her motor skills by engaging in activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and playing new sports.

Saarani is well on her way to developing strong literacy and mathematics behaviours.
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Saarani demonstrated age-appropriate literacy skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Saarani showed an understanding of language structures (e.g., syllables, rhyming words, word families) to support her work. For example, "I med a brd fedr. [I made a birdfeeder]". Saarani often identified some high-frequency words (eg., the, on, big) during whole-class reading. In Mathematics, Saarani explored the concept of measurement of height, length, area, capacity, and mass by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). She showed an understanding of Canadian coins by correctly naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., "A dime is 10 cents.").
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Saarani has shown growth in following standard writing conventions (finger spaces, clarity, punctuation). She is working on using correct capitalization and printing without flipping letters (s, p). With minimal teacher assistance, Saarani created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram). Saarani has developed reading and writing strategies, such as sounding out long vowels (e.g., ay, ee, ie) and stretching the word, to read and write increasingly difficult vocabulary (e.g., yestrday, mecking [making]). She sometimes switches her letters (e.g., ti [it], si [is]). In Mathematics, Saarani accurately used positional language to create a treasure map and described basic spatial relationships (e.g., "start in the magic lake...go around the castle, up...on top of the bridge...in between the diamond, over the heart...").
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Saarani is encouraged to use resources (e.g., library, Raz-Kids, abcya, Khan Academy, code.org) to further develop her literacy and mathematics skills.

Saarani is an inquisitive student who enjoys learning new things.
KEY LEARNING: Saarani has demonstrated the ability to use problem-solving skills during inquiry, literacy, mathematics, and movement activities. For example, she used a variety of tools to support her writing such as her personal dictionary, looking at the word wall, and asking her peers. In social situations, Saarani resolves conflict by clearly expressing her feelings and explaining appropriate behaviours to her classmates. Saarani accurately sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things. She stated, "A chicken needs food."
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Saarani has shown growth in using her existing knowledge to make connections, explain her thinking, and ask questions (e.g., “I wonder what is inside here. I think it is a seed though.”) She also used appropriate vocabulary to communicate the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that she completed. For example, after flying her kite she said, “I know how it flies and not flies... My did not fly because the straw in the middle that came off. It flies when it was put back on.” Saarani used her imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected her own materials. She often recorded her observations with pictures and words in her inquiry book (e.g., butterfly, fossil drawing, reflections, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Saarani is encouraged to practice asking questions such as  “What would happen if…?” or “Why is it like...?” and to continue to document her observations to develop critical thinking skills.


Aiden

It has been wonderful to have Aiden in the class this year!
KEY LEARNING: During this term, Aiden explored his culture and heritage along with his classmates' identities. For example, he made his home country flags, talked about what he loved about his culture, and recognized days of significance (e.g., Thai Pongal, Easter). Aiden showed an understanding of local and global communities and what communities he belongs to (A community is where we are from and where we live in. ). He chose 2 community helpers (police officer, fire fighter) and wrote about what police officers do ("keep as saf").  Through class discussions and activities, Aiden identified various ways in which he can care for and show respect for the environment (e.g.,I would pick up all of the trash under the bridge). Aiden also participated in Earth Day clean-up and wrote how he would help the earth.
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Aiden has demonstrated growth in becoming a leader in the classroom by setting an example during routines and assisting his peers with their work. For example, Aiden helped another student spell new vocabulary. Aiden has become more comfortable sharing with his teachers and friends. For example, He is learning to set personal boundaries and could be heard telling his friends, “That's not fair. We can share.” Aiden has shown confidence in independently leading the morning routine and sharing his stories, thoughts, and accomplishments. For example, Aiden eagerly brought drawings he made at home for show and share, answered and asked questions during discussions, and volunteered to contribute to the classroom community (e.g., watering plants, cleaning).
NEXT STEPS IN LEARNING AT HOME: In the summer, Aiden is encouraged to take a leadership role at home (e.g., leading activities, taking care of his things) and to explore his interests that are important to him.

Aiden has been an exemplary classroom contributor and consistently models self-regulation.
KEY LEARNING: Aiden showed an understanding of positive character traits such as fairness, co-operation, and integrity through his actions and work. For example, Aiden used cooperation with his peers to build a paper community and shared, cooperation is "helping somebody that needs help." Aiden often demonstrated self-reliance and a sense of responsibility for his learning. For example, Aiden independently started and completed learning activities and immediately followed instructions. In Physical Education, Aiden can often be found moving his body in a variety of ways during our warm-up exercises (e.g., side to side/back and forth). He willingly tries new skills during gym as can be seen when he put forth effort to toss rings to a specific target (e.g., hula hoop/cone) and was able to get some in the hula hoop and one on a cone. (S.Sangha)
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Aiden has shown growth academically and socially in his self-motivation and initiative. For example, Aiden participated in all activities and lessons, invited classmates to join during outdoor play, and stayed focused on tasks. He has demonstrated how to make and keep friends by taking turns, sharing positive comments, and active listening. Aiden sought assistance only when required and helped teachers and classmates. Aiden actively takes part in sharing his thinking during our classes and recently shared his thinking about how he can stay safe when riding a bike (e.g., I always wear a helmet.). (S.Sangha)
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Aiden is encouraged to further express positive messages with his family and friends and develop his motor skills by engaging in activities such as tying shoelaces, typing on a keyboard, and playing new sports.

Aiden is well on his way to developing strong literacy and mathematics behaviours.
KEY LEARNING: In Language, Aiden demonstrated age-appropriate literacy skills in reading, writing and oral communication. Aiden showed an understanding of language structures (e.g., syllables, rhyming words, word families) to support his work. For example, "I wnet f or wok [went for walk]". Aiden often identified some high-frequency words (eg., the, on, big) during whole-class reading. In Mathematics, Aiden explored the concept of measurement of height, length, area, capacity, and mass by measuring and comparing objects with non-standard units and tools (e.g., string, pan scale, ruler). He showed an understanding of Canadian coins by correctly naming, describing, and stating the value of each coin (eg., "A dime is 10 cents.").
GROWTH IN LEARNING: In writing, Aiden has shown growth in following standard writing conventions (capitalization, finger spaces, clarity, punctuation). With minimal teacher assistance, Aiden created various text formats (e.g., birthday card, weekend recount, labelled diagram). Aiden has developed reading and writing strategies, such as sounding out long vowels (e.g., ay, ee, ie) and stretching the word, to read and write increasingly difficult vocabulary (e.g., MAYD [made], pessor [picture], sunee [sunny]). In Mathematics, Aiden accurately used positional language to create a treasure map and described basic spatial relationships (e.g., in, over, around, down).
NEXT STEPS: In the summer, Aiden is encouraged to use resources (e.g., library, Raz-Kids, abcya, Khan Academy, code.org) to further develop his literacy and mathematics skills.

Aiden is an inquisitive student who enjoys learning new things.
KEY LEARNING: Aiden has demonstrated the ability to use problem-solving skills during inquiry, literacy, mathematics, and movement activities. For example, he used a variety of tools to support his writing such as his personal dictionary, looking at the word wall, and asking his peers. In social situations, Aiden resolves conflict by clearly expressing his feelings and explaining appropriate behaviours to his classmates. For example, he stated, "Teamwork is about helping a person." Aiden accurately sorted and classified living and non-living things using T-charts and explored the needs of living things.
GROWTH IN LEARNING: Aiden has shown growth in using his existing knowledge to make connections, explain his thinking, and ask questions (e.g., “I wonder if this is a pine cone?”) He also used appropriate vocabulary to communicate the results and findings from the investigations and experiments that he completed. For example, after flying his kite  he said, “I know how the kite flies. The wind blows and when you pull the string up, the kite goes up if the wind blows up.” Aiden used his imagination in creating various types of mixed-media artwork (e.g., picture frame, folding drawing, keychain, paper money) and selected his own materials. He often recorded his observations with pictures and words in his inquiry book (e.g., butterfly, fossil drawing, reflections, plants). 
NEXT STEPS: This summer, Aiden is encouraged to practice asking questions such as  “What would happen if…?” or “Why is it like...?” and to continue to document his observations to develop critical thinking skills.

